
# SBOM Summary

Item | Details
| -------- | -------- 
SBOM File | wrapper/siAccess.NET.Linux.sbom.cdx.json
SBOM Type | cyclonedx
Version | 1.5
Name | siAccess.NET.Linux
Creator | person:Softing Industrial Automation#
Created | 2026-03-02T13:40:37Z
Files | 0
Packages | 4
Relationships | 4
Services | 0
Vulnerabilities | 0

# Package Summary

Name | Version | PURL | CPE | Type | Supplier | License | Ecosystem | Download | Copyright
| -------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | -------- 
siAccess.Linux | 7.10.0 |  |  | LIBRARY | Softing Industrial Automation GmbH (info.automation@softing.com) | NOT KNOWN | - | NOT KNOWN | -
boost | 1.90.0 | pkg:boost/boost@1.90 | cpe:2.3:a:boost:boost:1.90:*:*:*:*:*:*:* | LIBRARY | boost.org open-source project | BSL-1.0 | boost | NOT KNOWN | (C) 2003-2025 Christopher M. Kohlhoff
pugixml | 1.15.0 | pkg:cxx/pugixml@1.15 | cpe:2.3:a:pugixml_project:pugixml:1.15:*:*:*:*:*:*:* | LIBRARY | pugixml project (maint. Arseny Kapoulkine) | MIT | cxx | NOT KNOWN | Copyright (c) 2006-2026 Arseny Kapoulkine
zlib | 1.3.2 | pkg:lib/czlib@1.3.2 | cpe:2.3:a:zlib:zlib:1.3.1:*:*:*:*:*:*:* | LIBRARY | zlib project | Zlib | lib | NOT KNOWN | (C) 1995-2022 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler

# Component Type Summary

Type | Count
| -------- | -------- 
LIBRARY | 4

# License Summary

License | Count
| -------- | -------- 
BSL-1.0 | 1
MIT | 1
NOT KNOWN | 1
Zlib | 1

# Supplier Summary

Supplier | Count
| -------- | -------- 
Softing Industrial Automation GmbH (info.automation@softing.com) | 1
boost.org open-source project | 1
pugixml project (maint. Arseny Kapoulkine) | 1
zlib project | 1

# NTIA Summary

Element | Status
| -------- | -------- 
All file information provided? | True
All package information provided? | True
Creator identified? | True
Creation time identified? | True
Dependency relationships provided? | True
NTIA conformant True

# License Text


## BSL-1.0


      <div class="optional-license-text"> 
         <p>Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003</p>

      </div>

      <p>Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization obtaining a copy of the
         software and accompanying documentation covered by this license (the &quot;Software&quot;) to use, reproduce,
         display, distribute, execute, and transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the
         Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to do so, all subject to the
         following:</p>

      <p>The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including the above license grant, this
         restriction and the following disclaimer, must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or
         in part, and all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative works are solely
         in the form of machine-executable object code generated by a source language processor.</p>

      <p>THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED &quot;AS IS&quot;, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
         LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND
         NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE
         LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT
         OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.</p>

    

## MIT


      <div class="optional-license-text"> 
         <p>MIT License</p>

      </div>
      <div class="replaceable-license-text"><span title="can be replaced with the pattern .{0,5000}"> 
         <p>Copyright (c) &lt;year&gt; &lt;copyright holders&gt;
         </p>

      </span></div>

      <p>Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of 
         <var class="replaceable-license-text"><span title="can be replaced with the pattern this\s+software\s+and\s+associated\s+documentation\s+files|this\s+source\s+file"> 
         this software and associated documentation files</span></var> (the 
         &quot;<var class="replaceable-license-text"><span title="can be replaced with the pattern Software|Materials"> Software</span></var>&quot;), 
         to deal in the 
         <var class="replaceable-license-text"><span title="can be replaced with the pattern Software|Materials"> Software</span></var> 
         without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, 
         merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the 
         <var class="replaceable-license-text"><span title="can be replaced with the pattern Software|Materials"> Software</span></var>, 
         and to permit persons to whom the 
         <var class="replaceable-license-text"><span title="can be replaced with the pattern Software|Materials"> Software</span></var>
         is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:</p>

       <p>The above copyright notice and this permission notice
         <var class="optional-license-text"> (including the next paragraph)</var>
         shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the 
          <var class="replaceable-license-text"><span title="can be replaced with the pattern Software|Materials"> Software</span></var>.</p>

       <p>THE <var class="replaceable-license-text"><span title="can be replaced with the pattern SOFTWARE IS|MATERIALS ARE"> SOFTWARE IS</span></var> 
         PROVIDED &quot;AS IS&quot;, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
         LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND 
         NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL 
         <var class="replaceable-license-text"><span title="can be replaced with the pattern .+"> THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS</span></var> 
         BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, 
         TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
         <var class="replaceable-license-text"><span title="can be replaced with the pattern SOFTWARE|MATERIALS"> SOFTWARE</span></var> 
         OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
         <var class="replaceable-license-text"><span title="can be replaced with the pattern SOFTWARE|MATERIALS"> SOFTWARE</span></var>.</p>

    

## Zlib


      <div class="optional-license-text"> 
         <p>zlib License</p>

      </div>
      <div class="replaceable-license-text"><span title="can be replaced with the pattern .{0,5000}"> 
         <p>Copyright (c) &lt;year&gt; &lt;copyright holders&gt;</p>

      </span></div>
      <p>This software is provided &apos;as-is&apos;, without any express or implied warranty. In no event will the authors
         be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this software.</p>

      <p>Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose, including commercial applications,
         and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions:</p>

<ul style="list-style:none">
        
<li>
            <var class="replaceable-license-text"><span title="can be replaced with the pattern .{0,20}"> 1.</span></var>
          The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the
             original software. If you use this software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product
             documentation would be appreciated but is not required.
        </li>
        
<li>
            <var class="replaceable-license-text"><span title="can be replaced with the pattern .{0,20}"> 2.</span></var>
          Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being
             the original software.
        </li>
        
<li>
            <var class="replaceable-license-text"><span title="can be replaced with the pattern .{0,20}"> 3.</span></var>
          This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.
        </li>
      
</ul>
    
